---
title: Charged
permalink: /games/weekly-game-jam/charged.html
canonical_url: https://stevepdp.dev/games/weekly-game-jam/charged.html
date: 2021-06-17 14:07:31

video: charged-clip.mp4
thumbnail: charged/opengraph.png
itch_url: charged

og_title: "Charged"
og_description: "A game jam entry for Weekly Game Jam"
og_image: "https://stevepdp.dev/assets/img/games/charged/opengraph.png"

layout: single-game
type: single-game
category: games
tags: [all, game, weekly-game-jam]

rss_category: Games
---

Made for <a href="https://itch.io/jam/weekly-game-jam-205" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Weekly Game Jam 205</a>.

### Retrospective

#### The Idea

The jam theme was &ldquo;unconventional superpowers&rdquo;.

It&apos;s a platformer with a light amount of physics-based challenge. Your unconventional superpower is that you are statically charged. As such, you can either attract or repel crates. It&apos;s in the repelling of crates that you can make projectiles of them. This allows you to progress through levels and defeat exit-blocking enemies. You can also move crates for leverage to higher places etc.

#### What went well

I learned a ton this week too. Particularly I&apos;ve gotten a good handle on Unity&apos;s animation system now.

The object attraction and repelling physics are far from perfect. They&apos;re good enough for a first attempt at anything like this though. If I get the opportunity to, then this game is for-sure a candidate for later expansion.

#### What went wrong

What didn&apos;t go wrong this week? It started with a bad design idea which I mused on for several days. I abandoned it Monday morning and later began work on Charged the same day. I thus lost several days of development time.

I also felt like I spent too much time in the &ldquo;sandbox phase&rdquo;. It&apos;s a scene which contains one or two of every prefab and their intended behaviours. I spent 80%-90% percent of the time there and the remaining 10% on actual level design. Everything seemed to fall into place once the prefabs were working as intended in the sandbox.

Unfortunately I ended up submitting this game late. Still a game made within a week, but short of the jam deadline.

#### What I learned

* Don&apos;t sit on an idea for too long. Gotta fail fast!
* Sometimes, a feature will not work in the web export. In a jam situation especially, don’t dwell on it.